fix(setup/options/others): correct default uid/gid (#135)
qdm12/gluetun-wiki: setup/options/others.md

| Variable | Default | Choices | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `TZ` | | i.e. `Europe/London` | Specify a [timezone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones#List) to use to have correct log times |
| `PUID` | `0` (root) | | User ID to run as non root and for ownership of files written |

> | `PGID` | `0` (root) | | Group ID to run as non root and for ownership of files written |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `PUID` | `1000` | | User ID to run as non root and for ownership of files written |
| `PGID` | `1000` | | Group ID to run as non root and for ownership of files written |
```
